I'm standing right now next to a
destroyed mosque in darl balah town
Central the Gaza trip it's quite obvious
the scale of Destruction resulted from
the Israeli attack on that area roughly
the Israeli military has targeted more
than 1,000 most since the beginning of
the conflict in the Gaza Strip
Palestinians generally have used to pray
in these religious places but the
Israeli repeated attacks on such areas
have turned them to be incredibly unsafe
for the vast majority of the people as
you can clearly understand now as
according to the international
humanitarian law the uh intentional
targeting for religious places during
conflict time is a war crime and we saw
different videos for the Israeli
military storming such religious places
disrespecting the sanctity of these
areas for Palestinians but despite all
of this people inside the Gaza Strip
specifically in the central area of
their territory continue to gather every
Friday for prayers despite all sorts of
danger unfolding them tar kazum Al jazer
darl bah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer